then job answered truly I know it is so
then job answered truly I know it is so but how can a man be righteous before
but how can a man be righteous before
but how can a man be righteous before God if one wish to contend with him he
God if one wish to contend with him he
God if one wish to contend with him he could not answer him one time out of a
could not answer him one time out of a
could not answer him one time out of a thousand God is wise and hard and mighty
thousand God is wise and hard and mighty
thousand God is wise and hard and mighty and strength who has hardened himself
and strength who has hardened himself
and strength who has hardened himself against him in prospect hmm he removes
against him in prospect hmm he removes
against him in prospect hmm he removes the mountains and they do not know when
the mountains and they do not know when
the mountains and they do not know when he overturns them in his anchor he
he overturns them in his anchor he
he overturns them in his anchor he shakes the earth out of its place and
shakes the earth out of its place and
shakes the earth out of its place and its pillars tremble he commands the Sun
its pillars tremble he commands the Sun
its pillars tremble he commands the Sun and it does not rise he seals off the
and it does not rise he seals off the
and it does not rise he seals off the stars he alone spreads out the heavens
stars he alone spreads out the heavens
stars he alone spreads out the heavens and treads on the waves of the sea he
and treads on the waves of the sea he
and treads on the waves of the sea he made the bear Orion and the Pleiades and
made the bear Orion and the Pleiades and
made the bear Orion and the Pleiades and the chambers of the south he does great
the chambers of the south he does great
the chambers of the south he does great things past finding out yes wonders
things past finding out yes wonders
things past finding out yes wonders without number if he goes by me I do not
without number if he goes by me I do not
without number if he goes by me I do not see him if he moves past I do not
see him if he moves past I do not
see him if he moves past I do not perceive him if he takes away he who can
perceive him if he takes away he who can
perceive him if he takes away he who can hinder him who can say to him what are
hinder him who can say to him what are
hinder him who can say to him what are you doing she God will not withdraw his
you doing she God will not withdraw his
you doing she God will not withdraw his anger allies of the proud lie prostrate
anger allies of the proud lie prostrate
anger allies of the proud lie prostrate beneath him how then can I answer him
beneath him how then can I answer him
beneath him how then can I answer him and choose my words to resit with him
and choose my words to resit with him
and choose my words to resit with him for though I were righteous I could not
for though I were righteous I could not
for though I were righteous I could not answer him I would beg mercy of my judge
answer him I would beg mercy of my judge
answer him I would beg mercy of my judge if I called and he answered me I would
if I called and he answered me I would
if I called and he answered me I would not believe that he was listening to my
not believe that he was listening to my
not believe that he was listening to my voice for he crushes me with a tempest
voice for he crushes me with a tempest
voice for he crushes me with a tempest and multiplies my wound without cause he
and multiplies my wound without cause he
and multiplies my wound without cause he will not allow me to catch my breath
will not allow me to catch my breath
will not allow me to catch my breath kills me with bitterness if it is a
kills me with bitterness if it is a
kills me with bitterness if it is a matter of strength indeed he is strong
matter of strength indeed he is strong
matter of strength indeed he is strong and if of justice who will appoint my
and if of justice who will appoint my
and if of justice who will appoint my day in court
day in court
day in court though I were righteous my own mouth
though I were righteous my own mouth
though I were righteous my own mouth would condemn me though I were blameless
would condemn me though I were blameless
would condemn me though I were blameless it would prove me perverse I am
it would prove me perverse I am
it would prove me perverse I am blameless yet I do not know myself
they despise my life it is all one thing
they despise my life it is all one thing therefore I say he destroys the
therefore I say he destroys the
therefore I say he destroys the blameless and the wicked if the scourge
blameless and the wicked if the scourge
blameless and the wicked if the scourge slays suddenly he laughs at the plight
slays suddenly he laughs at the plight
slays suddenly he laughs at the plight of the innocent the earth is given into
of the innocent the earth is given into
of the innocent the earth is given into the hand of the wicked he covers the
the hand of the wicked he covers the
the hand of the wicked he covers the faces of its judges if it is not he who
faces of its judges if it is not he who
faces of its judges if it is not he who else could it be
else could it be
else could it be now my days are swifter than a runner
now my days are swifter than a runner
now my days are swifter than a runner they flee away they see no good they
they flee away they see no good they
they flee away they see no good they passed by like Swift ships like an eagle
passed by like Swift ships like an eagle
passed by like Swift ships like an eagle swooping on its prey if I say I will
swooping on its prey if I say I will
swooping on its prey if I say I will forget my complaint I will put off my
forget my complaint I will put off my
forget my complaint I will put off my sad face and wear a smile open I'm
sad face and wear a smile open I'm
sad face and wear a smile open I'm afraid of all my sufferings I know that
afraid of all my sufferings I know that
afraid of all my sufferings I know that you will not hold me innocent if I am
you will not hold me innocent if I am
you will not hold me innocent if I am condemned why then do I labour in vain
condemned why then do I labour in vain
condemned why then do I labour in vain if I wash myself with snow water and
if I wash myself with snow water and
if I wash myself with snow water and cleanse my hands with soap yet you will
cleanse my hands with soap yet you will
cleanse my hands with soap yet you will plunge me into the pit and my own
plunge me into the pit and my own
plunge me into the pit and my own clothes will appalled me for he is not a
clothes will appalled me for he is not a
clothes will appalled me for he is not a man's eyes that I may answer him and
man's eyes that I may answer him and
man's eyes that I may answer him and that we should go to court together nor
that we should go to court together nor
that we should go to court together nor is there any mediator between us who may
is there any mediator between us who may
is there any mediator between us who may lay his hand on us both let him take his
lay his hand on us both let him take his
lay his hand on us both let him take his rod away from me and do not let dread of
rod away from me and do not let dread of
rod away from me and do not let dread of him terrify me then I would speak and
him terrify me then I would speak and
him terrify me then I would speak and not fear him but it is not so it mean